Release r3.2 (Fall25 M4) (#217)
camaraproject/NumberVerification: README.md

* Note: Please be aware that the project will have frequent updates to the main branch. There are no compatibility guarantees associated with code in any branch, including main, until a new release is created. For example, changes may be reverted before a release is created. **For best results, use the latest available release**.

> * **NEW**: The latest public release r3.2 with version 2.1.0 of the API number-verification is available [here](https://github.com/camaraproject/NumberVerification/tree/r3.2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **NEW**: The latest public release r3.2 with version 2.1.0 of the API number-verification is available [here]( https://github.com/camaraproject/NumberVerification/releases/tag/r3.2)
```
